{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright 
\f2\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\info{\title                        Course Information Sheet}{\author Gerald J. Stuzin}{\operator Preferred Customer}{\creatim\yr2002\mo1\dy3\hr10\min6}{\revtim\yr2002\mo1\dy3\hr10\min8}{\version3}
{\edmins2}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords432}{\nofchars2463}{\*\company Preferred Company}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern71}}\margl1319\margr1319 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale114\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
                                                                   Course Information Sheet
\par 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0                                                                                CUS 1144
\par 
\par Professor: Dr. G. Stuzin
\par Office Hours:  Monday  11:15 - 12:45,   Wednesday - Friday    11:15 - 12:00   Bent Hall 224
\par              
\par Textbook:  }{\fs22\ul\cgrid0 C++ : How to Program}{\fs22\cgrid0 , Deitel & Deitel, 3rd ed, Prentice-Hall pub
\par                    (Available at Ed's Bookstore)
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par Grading Procedure:
\par 
\par       Mid-semester exams and quizzes             60%
\par       Final Exam                                               40% 
\par     
\par    If an exam is missed, the final exam grade will be substituted for the missing exam grade.
\par 
\par    Quizzes may  be given without advance notice and will be counted as a question on the following exam. 
\par 
\par    The grading procedure above is based on an assumption of "average" class-work.  If a student's class-work is significantly above average, the final grade will be adjusted accordingly.  Factors considered in evaluating class-work will include:   
\par                                        . Preparation of class assignments.
\par       .                                  Participation in class discussion,
\par       .                                 Attendance/Lateness record.
\par 
\par    Computer assign
ments  are a requirement of the course.  Computer assignments will be graded "pass/fail". An overall  failing grade (fewer  than 70% passing grades on computer assignments) will result in a reduction of the final grade by one-half grade level, e.g., an "A
" would be reduced to "B+".  Computer assignment submissions must follow the directions shown in the class folder on the SJU intranet.
\par 
\par Attendance Policy:
\par 
\par    Students who do not sign the attendance sheet available each class will be recorded as absent for that class (}{\fs22\ul no exceptions to this rule}{\fs22 
).  The attendance regulations of the College of Professional Studies will be enforced: Students who are absent for 20% of total contact hours will be withdrawn from the class.  Absent time includes classes missed as a result of late registration.
\par 
\par Class Instructions: 
\par    
\par    1.  Bring two floppy disks and a "ZIP" disk to each class in the computer classroom.
\par    2.  Time at the beginning of each class will be reserved for questions pertaining to assignments, exams, grading procedures, etc.  Once the lecture begins, only questions relating to the lecture will be allowed.  
\par    3.  In the computer classroom:
\par          Students will remain seated at their assigned station and work individually.  Printers will not be used.
\par   4
.  Exam Directions (for all exams and quizzes): Work will be graded on clarity as well as correctness.  Appropriate comment statements and indentation must be used.  Programs should reflect the techniques discussed in class and in the textbook assignments
.
\par 
\par 
\par }}