{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f59\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f60\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2831936\rsid7610730\rsid11159862}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.4219;}{\info{\title                        Course Information Sheet}
{\author Gerald J. Stuzin}{\operator SJU}{\creatim\yr2002\mo8\dy18\hr15\min53}{\revtim\yr2003\mo1\dy21\hr10\min49}{\printim\yr2001\mo8\dy28\hr14\min3}{\version4}{\edmins4}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords438}{\nofchars2502}{\*\company Preferred Company}
{\nofcharsws2935}{\vern16469}}\margl1319\margr1319 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot11159862 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22\insrsid11159862                                                                    Course Information Sheet
\par                                                       }{\fs22\insrsid2831936                         CUS 1151}{\fs22\insrsid11159862 
\par 
\par Professor:    Dr. G. Stuzin
\par Office Hours:  Monday  11:15 \endash  12:45     Wednesday, Friday   11:15 \endash  12:00     Bent 224     
\par Email:stuzing@sju.edu    Phone: 718 990-7456
\par              
\par Textbook:  }{\fs22\ul\insrsid11159862 "C++ Programming: Program Design Including Data Structures}{\fs22\insrsid11159862 , D.S. Malik,  Course Tecnology pub.    (Available at Ed's Bookstore)
\par 
\par Grading Procedure:
\par 
\par       Mid-semester exams and quizzes             60%
\par       Final Exam                                                40% 
\par     
\par    If an exam is missed, the final exam grade will be substituted for the missing exam grade.
\par 
\par    Quizzes may  be given without advance notice and will be counted as a question on the following exam. 
\par 
\par    The grading procedure above is based on an assumption of "average" class-work.  If a student's class-work is significantly above average, the final grade will be adjusted accordingly.  Factors considered in evaluating class-work will include:   
\par                                          Accomplishment in the computer classroom
\par                                        . Preparation of class assignments.
\par       .                                  Participation in class discussion,
\par       .                                 Attendance/Lateness record.
\par 
\par    Computer assignments  are a requirement of the course.  Computer assignments will be graded "pass/fail". An overall  failing grade (fewer  than 70% passing grades on computer assignments) will result in a reduction of the fin
al grade by 0.5 on a 4 point scale.   Computer assignment submissions must follow the directions shown in the class folder on the SJU network.
\par 
\par Attendance Policy:
\par 
\par    Students who do not sign the attendance sheet available each class will be recorded as absent for that class (}{\fs22\ul\insrsid11159862 no exceptions to this rule}{\fs22\insrsid11159862 
).  The attendance regulations of the College of Professional Studies will be enforced: Students who are absent for more than 20% of total contact hours will be withdrawn from the class.  Absent time includes 
classes missed as a result of late registration.
\par 
\par Class Instructions: 
\par    
\par    1.  Bring two floppy disks and a "ZIP" disk (100 meg)  to each class in the computer classroom.
\par    2.  Time at the beginning of each class will be reserved for questions pertaining to assignments, exams, grading procedures, etc.  Once the lecture begins, only questions relating to the lecture will be allowed.  
\par    3.  In the computer classroom:
\par          Students will remain seated at their assigned station and work individually.  Printers will not be used.
\par   4.  Exam Directions (for all exams and quizzes): Work will be graded on clarity as well as correctness.  Appropriate comment statements and indentation must be used.  Programs should ref
lect the techniques discussed in class and in the textbook assignments.
\par 
\par }}